[birds singing]
[gentle music playing]
[shutter clicks]
- Ah. there you are.
- [Greta chuckles]
It looks so beautiful today.
[Owen] You look so beautiful today.
- [chuckles] Stop it.
- [grunts playfully]
Yes. Please stop it.
I told Mum
you'd pick her up from the station today.
Daddy said I can stay over at Claire's.
"Check with your mother."
is what I actually said.
[door closes]
- What time does it get in?
- Mum.
Yes. fine. One o'clock. I think.
Yeah. I'll be there. Come on.
- See ya.
- [Maria] Love you.
[car doors close]
[music grows eerie]
[gasps]
[panting]
[Jodie] You should always
keep your front door closed.
You never know what might get in.
[eerie music dies down]
[Jodie] I wanted to have
this conversation in Portugal.
but you left in such a hurry.
My family. um...
my husband and my daughter.
they don't know.
You mentioned that in your letter.
And what did you tell them
about why you were cutting
your holiday short?
I lied.
I've got very good at that.
- I expect you have too.
- [Jodie] Mm.
Hasn't been easy.
Tracking you down.
I even found myself back there.
Heaven's Veil.
It's a
ghost town now.
Afterwards. everyone left.
Well. not everyone.
- Your mother's still there.
- What?
Well... [chuckles] ...thereabouts.
She's very ill now.
There's this place on the outskirts.
I thought you might...
What? Visit her?
[scoffs] Yeah.
Maybe not.
We were just two little broken dolls.
weren't we?
I want you to have something.
I've got one too.
It's a...
It's a friendship bracelet.
We were friends once.
You didn't come all this way
to give me a friendship bracelet.
I have the most wonderful news.
When I saw you in Portugal
after all this time.
I knew it was a message.
I knew it was him. [chuckles]
I knew he'd brought you back to me.
Who?
Please tell me
you're not talking about God.
after everything that happened.
The signs. they were
strange at first.
Especially the photographs.
And... And not just photographs.
He comes to me in my dreams.
Appears in the faces of strangers.
Who?
Charles Sampson.
[tense music playing]
You look frightened.
- This is fucking terrifying.
- It's beautiful.
It's... It's God's will.
What is? What does he want?
For Charles to be at peace.
For us to seek redemption. and... and
for his son to have
the answers he deserves. He had a son.
Did you know that?
I shut it out completely.
the idea that Charles
was a person with a past.
And when the visions started.
I got curious.
He's studying journalism. The son.
Andrew.
His name's Andrew.
We need to tell him what happened.
I'd like you to leave.
We're being given an opportunity here.
- A gift.
- Great.
You take it. Keep me out of it.
But I don't know
what happened to him afterwards.
His body. I mean.
Because I dealt with it.
For you. Yeah. to protect you.
You felt guilty
because you were clever.
[voice breaking] And interesting.
You were worth saving. And I wasn't. but...
It's okay. It's all okay now.
Get out.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm calling my husband.
It's too late.
I rang his son. I told him to come here.
I'll deny it.
[scoffs] I'll deny everything.
I still have the tape.
- What?
- I kept it.
- Locked it away in a little box.
- Are you blackmailing me?
I'm guiding you.
Guiding you into the light.
as God wants me to.
You need help.
"For everyone practicing evil
hates the light.
lest his deeds should be exposed."
"But he who comes into the light.
his deeds may be clearly seen."
"And they have been done in God's name."
- [tense music swells]
- [speaking Irish]
I'm not there.
I'm not her. I'm somebody else!
No!
- [gasps]
- [Jodie cries out]
Oh my God.
Fuck.
[music swells]
[darkly mysterious theme music playing]
- [theme music fades]
- [suspenseful music playing]
Fuck!
[Saoirse] We know who killed him.
We can describe her.
Yeah. And they'll ask why she killed him.
Well. to get to us.
Because we had something she wanted.
Well. that's my concern.
The whole. "How we came
to be in possession of that something."
That and any light being thrown on
the fuckery we've involved ourselves in.
We haven't actually done anything wrong.
Anything that wrong.
Oh. I just wanna get out of Donegal.
Weird things happen in Donegal.
Donegal is weird.
No offense.
- We need to get to Belfast.
- But we can't pay you.
Well. aren't you a trio of charmers?
- Someone took our cards. our phones.
- But you can have my jewelry.
Why the hell would I want your jewelry?
I'm a bus driver.
not a fecking highwayman.
[sighs] On you get.
Thank you.
Are you sure we should do this?
[Saoirse] We have to do this.
For Liam.
Nora O'Hara gave a child.
a daughter. up for adoption in 1997.
- Greta.
- Has to be.
Though the child's name
doesn't appear on the paperwork.
which means something
really messed up happened.
And it would explain
why Nora wasn't allowed any contact.
Whatever it was.
it was. uh. big enough. insane enough.
to make any information about Greta's life
with Nora just disappear.
Perhaps that's what
your father was circling.
And maybe he got too close to something.
He was meeting someone
on the school grounds that night.
Then there's the symbol in the cottage.
the one from the notebook.
Liam. is this really
the way to go about it?
It feels quite risky.
For you. I mean.
I was shot in the chest yesterday. so.
you know. fuck it.
[upbeat music playing]
[man on PA] Welcome to South Belfast's
Ravenmoor police station.
For all inquiries.
please report to the front desk.
[vehicle approaching]
- [pop music playing on car stereo]
- ♪ Reach for the stars... ♪
[Booker] Christ.
Surprise!
Yeah. babes.
It's finally happened. We lost one.
- Ah. fuck.
- It's quite the conundrum.
- Rossa's called a meeting.
- Fuck.
- In Derry.
- In Derry?
It's very much a headquarters situation.
I'm afraid. babes.
Fuck!
There's PhDs
that are more straightforward.
It's the same
with any cross-border request.
They make it so complicated.
Yeah. But you're happy to use our lads.
That makes it easier.
Guards poking around up here.
it. um. can get some people's backs up.
I bet.
And if anything kicks off.
you guys don't even carry guns.
- Which is weird.
- Or is it weird that you guys do?
Do you have the pencil?
- Sorry?
- Do you have the iPad pencil. sir?
God. I must have left it at the. uh...
- I'll go get it.
- If you wouldn't mind. sir.
Oh my God.
Hey.
You forgot this.
- Yeah.
- You remember Andrew?
I think we need to talk. Don't you?
We thought you were dead.
[scoffs] We thought she killed you.
And we couldn't do anything because--
- That mad bitch locked us in a tower.
- Like Rapunzel.
Why are you guys here? In Belfast?
We'll get to that. Who is she?
We don't know. Honestly. we don't.
She just started following us.
- Did you have a vest on?
- What?
- Like a bulletproof vest?
- No.
The box stopped it.
That's insane. How lucky was that?
It would've been luckier
just to. you know. not have got shot.
We think that's what she wanted. The tape.
That makes sense. Someone took it
from the hospital I was being treated in.
Did you listen to it?
No.
Did you?
There wasn't time.
How did you come to have it?
We found it.
In Portugal. In Jodie Pryor's place.
She wasn't there.
But it was with her stuff. The box.
We thought it might've been a clue.
That it might've been
worth holding on to. Big fucking mistake.
[chuckles]
We were just so desperate
to find out what really happened to Greta.
Did you know she was adopted?
- [tense music rises]
- No.
Do you recognize this woman?
[Dara] "Nora O'Hara."
You're sure?
That book there.
where'd you get that book?
I left you a message about this.
Yeah. Yeah. my phone got...
Look. we only came here
to report the fact that you'd been killed.
It feels sort of redundant now.
So are we free to go.
or what's the craic here?
- You've nothing to hide. have you?
- I don't like your tone.
I don't like getting shot.
- Give over. You're grand. aren't you?
- Robyn. please.
No. What right does he have
to question us. anyway?
Like this? Here?
We're in a PSNI station.
He's a guard. You've no authority here.
This is Northern Ireland.
It's an entirely different country.
That was a swift abandonment
of your nationalist ideology.
- Ach! You know. sack this!
- Sit down.
Indeed I will not.
you fucking fetus. Let's go.
Please don't.
Please. I'm just trying
to find out what happened to my father.
- Well. you'd have to ask Greta.
- I can't. She's dead.
[Robyn] Okay. fine.
You wanna hear something wild. Andrew?
I need a cigarette.
Do you have a cigarette?
I'm sure I could find you one.
Why don't yous grab some coffees?
[funky music playing]
We need to lose the car.
- What's wrong with the car?
- It's fucking ridiculous.
There's nothing wrong with the car.
The car's class.
- You blame me. don't you?
- Of course I blame you. It's your fault.
[Feeney] She syringed me. babes.
She syringed the both of us.
What could I have done?
Not left the syringes lying about.
You don't expect the threat
to come from inside the house.
Expect anything and everything.
I thought I taught you that.
You left the landline connected.
I didn't know what it was. I thought
it was some kind of Portuguese ornament.
No need to get annoyed.
Christ. you get hoist
by your own syringe one time...
Let's drop it.
I don't understand why she did it.
It's not like her problem's
going anywhere. It doesn't make sense.
People don't make sense.
She's got her new ID. her new bank cards.
And I was setting up
a phone for her. [sniffles]
- She's easily traceable.
- She's not stupid.
She won't use them.
The window's closing.
and Rossa decides to call us to Derry.
Well. there's no precedent.
- Yeah. this is a first. babes.
- [Booker] Not an achievement.
Rossa's priority should be getting
that girl back and shutting this down.
- She's the boss.
- I am aware.
Christ. just such bad timing.
On the back
of that whole other hullabaloo.
- What are you on about?
- One of the delivery guys disappeared.
Who. Jackson?
- Yeah. that's right.
- I blew Jackson up.
Okay. Maybe you should have.
like. told someone that. babes.
He backchatted me.
You blew him up
because he backchatted you?
I blew him up because I didn't trust him.
The backchatting fast-tracked things.
- Why didn't you trust him?
- Remember that client we had?
That young girl?
She was trying to get away
from that older guy. Real nasty prick.
Do I remember?
I was the one that had to wipe him out.
I always wondered how he found her.
Everything led back to Jackson.
Why would he do that?
Money. We should never
have started working with men.
We needed to.
The operation's growing. babes.
When it started. we were all volunteers.
You remember.
[Feeney] Well. those days are gone.
Soon. we'll all
have to wear work uniforms.
What?
Rossa is talking about
introducing a dress code.
Apparently. some of our operators are...
[inhales sharply]
...like. drawing attention to themselves.
I can't think who she means.
Me either. babes.
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
[unlocks phone]
Hello?
[sniffles]
Who is this?
- Hello?
- [Greta crying softly]
Mum?
[softly] I love you.
[Greta sobs]
Mummy?
- Cold?
- Mm. No. I'm fine.
Oh no. please don't do that. It's...
It's fine. Fine. It's fine.
Why didn't you tell me about Andrew?
[inhales sharply]
Dunno. I didn't give it much thought.
or it didn't seem relevant.
Which?
Dunno.
Before I found you in Dublin.
I went to the set of your show.
- Spoke to Seb.
- You spoke to Seb?
Such a big machine.
But it all starts in your head.
doesn't it?
I suppose.
I was thinking about what you told me
the first time I was there.
About how you take
bits and pieces from real life.
Most writers do.
You never worry the lines might
get blurred between reality and story?
Not really. no.
If there's anything else you haven't
told me. I'd do it now. Saoirse.
[somber music playing]
See you in there.
- Hello. garda.
- Sorry?
Oh. no. I'm not actually...
Is Inspector O'Neill about?
He borrowed the lighter.
and we need it back. Marvin's birthday.
How he made inspector
so young with thon memory...
Inspector O'Neill. did you say?
Oh. and tell him the proposal's
with the superintendent now.
What?
The excavation proposal
for the school grounds.
It's with the boss now.
It'll take him a while to go through it.
so we shouldn't hang about.
Sure I could give him a call.
[tense music peaks. fades]
What's keeping them?
Dunno.
[energetic music playing]
[Liam] Fuck.
[energetic music fades]
Why would he pretend to be Owen?
- It's the only way he'd get permission.
- To do what?
Excavate the school grounds.
- What the fuck?
- Keep moving.
How does he know?
Maybe those notebooks Andrew had.
His father's notebooks.
Maybe there was something in there.
- They're gonna find the body.
- [Saoirse] That is a real possibility.
- We didn't kill him.
- It doesn't matter. We were there.
We moved him. We buried him.
Our DNA's probably all fucking over him.
But it's been so long. It's been 20 years.
DNA doesn't wash off.
It's like Catholicism.
- Yeah. but we didn't do it. Greta did it.
- They're not gonna believe us.
They're gonna think
we're blaming a dead woman.
She's not dead. though.
I was about to tell him that.
We can't tell them that.
Not now. Don't you see?
If we tell them. it's gonna make us
sound cornered and desperate and...
Taxi!
We can't tell them we didn't do it.
We have to prove it. I'll be back soon.
- Meet me by the bridge in an hour.
- Jesus Christ.
Where's she going?
[low. unsettling music playing]
Hello. sweetheart.
Mum's alive.
What happened. Dad?
Who died? What did you do?
Your mother has secrets.
[Greta] I didn't want this person I was
to infect the people I love.
What do we do now. Margo?
I know someone who can help us.
[Booker] I represent an organization
that helps women
that have nowhere else to turn.
Allow me to explain the process.
We were trying to protect you.
You think I didn't know
something was wrong?
I was going insane.
I knew you were all lying to me.
I thought you did something to her. Daddy.
I didn't know who I could trust.
That's why I traced those friends of hers.
That's why I sent that message.
- You sent the email?
- Mm-hmm. [sniffles]
- I'm sorry.
- Hey.
It's okay.
[dance music playing]
- [Saoirse] Can you wait here?
- [woman] Cut!
- [bell rings]
- [cow moos]
- I need to talk to Seb.
- Me too.
The cow won't play ball at all.
It's been a fucking arsehole.
Excellent.
[Robyn] Fuck.
- Hello. boys!
- Mammy. you're back!
[Robyn exclaims]
- Where the hell have you been?
- Aw! Hello.
Hello. darling.
[Ryan] Come on. Jack.
Let's watch the iPad.
- What are you two doing here?
- We're looking for you.
- We were worried sick.
- Yeah. you seem beside yourself.
- But nobody could get ahold of you.
- We lost our phones.
You lost your phones? How?
- What's going on?
- Nothing's going on.
Something's going on.
The disappearing acts. the secrecy.
I'm gonna ask you a question. girls.
And I want an honest answer.
Yeah?
Have you joined the IRA?
- Nobody joins the IRA anymore. Mammy.
- Your cousin Mary did only last month.
- Mary joined ISIS. Mammy.
- What?
Oh no. Sorry. Not ISIS. BUPA.
- How can Mary afford that?
- I had Saoirse's parents on the phone.
They're gonna ring the police.
Saoirse's fine. We'll call them.
We'll tell them she's fine.
- And we will make some tea.
- We have tea.
We'll make more.
What is going on. Robyn?
What is the plan. exactly?
Saoirse gave you that number
from the lighthouse. didn't she?
Show me it.
I'm gonna find out who Greta was calling.
[woman] Knockshee nursing home.
Oh. hello. It's a nursing home.
- A nursing home?
- Hello. Are you still there?
What shall I ask?
- I think there's a problem on the line.
- The mother's name.
What was it?
Nora O'Hara. Ask for Nora O'Hara.
- Hello?
- I'm sorry. I don't know what happened.
Could you put me through
to Nora O'Hara. please?
Oh. I'm afraid Mrs. O'Hara
isn't terribly well at the moment.
Can I help?
I'm just trying to get in touch
with her daughter.
Oh. I see. Well. I can pass on
a message when she arrives. if you like.
Gotcha.
Could a fox have dug up the body?
Can they do that?
Is that... Is that asking too much?
Oh my God. baby. Where you been?
- Have you--
- I don't wanna talk about the cow.
Who are these guys?
[Seb] They're the writers.
What? I'm the writers.
The writer. I'm the writer.
- You asked us to hire them.
- No. I didn't.
- You sent an email.
- When?
- Um...
- [scoffs]
"Hi there.
This series is so fucking annoying."
"I just almost
fucked my laptop out a window."
"I can't do it on my own anymore.
Hire some fucking writers."
"Not shit ones. Saoirse. Kiss."
Mm. Yes. I see. Well. I was obviously
a few margaritas down at that point.
It is such a pleasure to meet you.
I have been a massive fan.
- You don't have to do the thing.
- Yeah. Okay.
That's just like Jesse.
He can't handle praise either.
Eva's just been
on Jesse Armstrong's new show.
- Has she?
- He's such a genius.
Yeah. so I hear.
Anyway. we need to change a story strand.
Like. quickly. Like. immediately.
- What? Which one?
- Uh. yes. Yes. this here.
When the... When the kids bury a body
in the school grounds.
We're filming soon.
We should have.
but had to push it down the schedule.
Now it's getting pushed
all the way out of the show.
That will have a huge knock-on.
The second half of the series
will need to be replotted.
We put our lunch order in
45 minutes ago. but there's still no sign.
What's that got to do with it?
Sorry. I thought we were talking
about things that were worrying us.
This is why Jesse maps
everything out in such intricate detail.
- I hear his catering's amazing.
- He curates the menus himself.
He's across everything. It's really tough
to be that much of a perfectionist.
Yeah. poor old Jesse fucking Armstrong.
Look. we need a new idea. Any new idea.
We need to make this work. Otherwise...
[unsettling music rises]
What? What is it?
- Otherwise. it's never gonna go away.
- [music subsides]
- Saoirse. What are you doing?
- Borrowing a card.
You're leaving?
- Just come up with a new idea.
- Me?
It'll be great. I trust you.
Jesse would've stayed.
This isn't really my vibe.
- Well. obviously. It's. like. fashionable.
- All right. then.
Look. you'd do well
to dress a bit more like me. Dara.
Lesbians love me.
I have to object to that statement.
On behalf of my people.
Remember that big gay
street party thing we went to?
- Pride.
- That barrister. she proposed to me.
She was quite drunk. Robyn.
- She didn't propose to you.
- I am not wearing this.
Fine. I'll get you something of Jim's.
[Saoirse] "Dear Jodie. I'm truly sorry
for how things turned out."
[Greta] Don't look for me again.
Don't contact me again.
I want to move on.
Please let me.
[Greta and Saoirse]
This might explain things better. Greta.
Of course.
Stop here. Pull over.
Cheers.
Ooh! Girls. stop!
- Hello!
- Come on. get in.
Get in. Get in. Get in. Quick sticks.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
- She's headed there now.
- Are you sure?
That's what the nursing home said.
We've finally smoked the bitch out.
[chuckles] She'll not know what's hit her.
I'm not taking the fall for something
she did. No. sir-fucking-ree.
I'm not going down for no one.
Time to face the music. arsehole.
She's had about 17 coffees.
I remember where I saw this book.
In Jodie's apartment.
And that letter we found with the box.
the one Greta sent Jodie?
It says.
"This might explain things better."
- Okay. So you think Greta sent it?
- [phone ringing]
Shit. Jim.
[Jim] Where the hell have you gone now?
- Calm down. Jim.
- You took my iPhone.
- How do you know that?
- Because I'm calling you on it.
Thanks for ringing Saoirse's parents.
- Oh no. wait. you didn't.
- You're it!
You're on. Go. Daddy!
- Because they're here.
- [Ryan] You're it!
- My parents are there?
- [Jim] Ah. it's the woman herself.
Hi. Saoirse. love.
I hear you and the girls
have joined the IRA.
We didn't even know
they were still in action. [laughs]
[Jim] Listen. I don't know if you're
having some sort of breakdown.
I'm not having a fucking breakdown.
Jesus. I take a few days away
with my friends.
Aren't you always sailing off to London?
To make the money
we need to keep our family--
Who's looked after the kids for a decade?
- Eyes on the road. Robyn.
- I keep our fucking family.
[Ryan] Run. run. run!
Look. I know that. love.
And I appreciate that.
- All I'm asking is for one more day.
- [Dara] The nursing home's near Cork.
Two more days.
Do you think you could mind
your own children for two days. James?
Of course. All I'm asking--
I will be taking
no further questions at this time.
Ballbag.
[whimsical music playing]
[Liam] The excavation request
is being processed.
but even if we get permission
and nobody up here found out I'm...
What? That you're not
actually Inspector O'Neill?
Right. The area we're looking at.
well. it's vast. The school grounds.
Well. we're thinking
the caretaker's cottage. though.
It's surrounded by woodland. Andrew.
We... We might. might
get one shot at doing this.
We need to be more specific.
I have so little. Liam.
I've spent my whole life
trying to shape what little I have.
To try and understand who he was.
I mean. that's the only reason
I'm studying journalism. for Chrissake.
I don't even know if I'm any good at it.
It feels like he's a character in a story.
Everything about him
is just so vague and fragile.
I always thought
that if I could just find him...
I dunno. then I could make him real.
But that sounds so mad. right?
We're all trying
to make sense of something.
To find light in the dark.
Hoping a right might balance out a wrong.
So is that why you're helping me. Liam?
Am I just a good deed
that might undo a bad one?
What made you move to Knockdara?
Did something happen
when you were working in Dublin?
[inhales sharply]
You know what. Andrew?
I think you'll make
an excellent journalist.
["My Perfect Cousin"
by The Undertones playing]
♪ I've got a cousin called Kevin ♪
♪ He's sure to go to heaven ♪
♪ Always spotless. clean and neat ♪
♪ As smooth as you'll get 'em ♪
- ♪ He's got a fur ♪
- [rock song cuts out]
- [bell rings]
- [clerk] Welcome to Metamorphosis.
If yous need assistance.
ring the wee princess bell.
No. we won't be doing that.
We have an appointment.
- Uh. names. please.
- No. sorry. We're in the other book.
[inhales sharply] The other book?
The other book.
The other book. Of course. Right.
[tense music playing]
I am so. so sorry.
- I'll sign us in.
- Of course. [giggles]
It's such an honor to meet you.
[gasps softly]
[Dara] Come on.
We've been driving for ages.
I'm starving.
This story is fascinating.
So it's this young girl.
and she's trying to move on
from this very traumatic event that's...
Well. it's just referred to
as "the big bad."
- Where the hell are we?
- "The big bad."
- There's no signal. no road signs.
- Are we lost?
I'm not even sure
what county we're in anymore.
Perfect.
Let's ask here.
[ominous music playing]
["Calvary's Mountain" playing on radio]
[Dara] Excuse me.
We were wondering if there was a hotel
or a B&B nearby that you might recommend.
Do I look like the tourist board?
I'm sorry?
Do I look like a fecking tourist board?
Well. no.
You buy something. and then we talk.
We were gonna buy something.
- [clears throat]
- [Robyn] Cheeky wee shite.
[Saoirse] Yeah. Anyway.
she. the... the writer.
she doesn't ever reveal what happened.
What the "big bad" actually was.
The argument that she seems to be making
is it's not relevant.
Which is the opposite of what you'd expect
the thinking around trauma to be.
This seems to be about making it distant.
dreamlike. disassociating from it.
There's a motel down the road from here.
I didn't even know we had motels.
Cash or card?
Card. please.
No. Shit. Wrong one.
[Dara] He hates us.
[ominous music rising]
[energetic music playing]
[tapping on cup]
- Ladies.
- [energetic music fades]
Ladies.
I think that's all of us.
So. as some of you probably already know.
we've had an incident
with one of our clients.
They left before
we'd completed the operation. [chuckles]
There's a first for everything. I suppose.
Rossa. before we get into that.
there's another issue I'd like to discuss.
I'm sure it couldn't be quite as pressing.
Oh. it is.
Jackson?
Yeah. Jackson.
Jackson's left the building. I'm afraid.
Apologies to anyone
who was searching for him.
I didn't mean to waste your time.
I had a lot going on.
Didn't get the chance
to circle back. as they say.
Why?
He'd been exchanging
confidential information for money.
Putting clients at risk.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
- She has receipts. babes.
- Oh. I see.
We just need to make sure
that he was the only one.
Well. of course.
Consider it a priority.
And look. our AWOL client.
I just want to reassure everyone
that we will find her quickly
and pull her into line.
Totes. babes.
No. it's not a matter
of pulling her into line. Booker.
[Dara clears throat]
Ohhh. good evening.
My name is Norman.
Can I help you?
Norman?
You own a motel. and your name is Norman?
I don't own it. My father owns it.
What's his name?
Norman.
Do either of you practice taxidermy?
We just need
a couple of rooms for the night.
- Do you know Heaven's Veil?
- Caille Neamh.
That's a good bit further west.
You made the right call stopping here.
I'm starting to question that.
So you've heard the story. then?
What story?
[Norman] Beautiful place. by all accounts.
But sure no one's lived there for decades.
- It's a ghost town.
- Why's that?
- Because they all got spooked.
- Spooked?
A group of kids
gathered in a little church one night.
Then there was a fire.
Most of them died.
Eight of the poor little souls.
Just doesn't bear thinking about.
I mean. it destroyed that community.
It wasn't deliberate?
Oh. it was deliberate all right. yeah.
Who started it?
They say it was the devil himself.
[women gasp]
Here we are.
Now. will you be
wanting the minibar stocked?
I think we're okay. We're very tired.
I think the fuck not.
On second thoughts. we absolutely
will be needing all the alcohol.
She is out in the wild
with sensitive information.
What kind of message
does that send to our other clients?
Our more lucrative clients.
This is a business.
Rossa. when we started. it wasn't.
It was a calling.
We wanted to help vulnerable women.
We wanted to help them
escape from horrific circumstances.
Now we'll help anybody escape
if they've enough money.
Help abusive men escape justice
if they have enough fucking money.
Christ.
The erosion.
You are so obsessed with the past.
Times have changed.
That fella's a fucking weirdo.
I can't see anything
about a fire in Heaven's Veil.
No. you have to search the Irish name.
What is it?
Caille Neamh. She's done that.
Have you spelt it right? C. A. I--
I've got the right place.
It says a small Irish-speaking community
lived there till the late '90s.
- Jesus Christ.
- What is it?
The book.
Wanna tell us
what the fuck you're talking about?
Look at this.
Okay. right. So. the first one.
Heaven's Veil.
Look at the second half
of the author's name.
Ganchaille. Caille. That's so similar.
Caille means "veil."
What does ganchaille mean?
Unveiled.
Greta unveiled.
This book's about Greta. girls.
I made a contract with this woman.
I promised to help her.
Now you're telling me
that I have to kill her?
It is a bit harsh. babes.
Who brought the case to you?
No. Rossa.
I can't.
You can't?
This person helped me in the past
in a professional capacity.
Are they. uh... Are they one of us?
Well...
- No.
- Oh. I see.
Uh. the adoptive mother.
It's complicated.
Yeah. it always is.
Was she the only family member
who saw you?
- No.
- Oh dear.
Oh.
Oh dear.
There must be another way.
Booker.
we need to erase the line completely.
Anyone who knew about the case.
anyone who can identify you.
anyone who knows we exist.
I have to protect the society.
You cannot leave the process.
So.
is there anyone else we need to manage?
So. the psychiatrist
who wrote The Doll Complex.
we're saying that's Margo Heaney?
[Saoirse] Yeah. I think so.
And I think
that is what Liam was circling as well.
That means Greta was Margo's patient.
- She adopted a patient.
- Isn't that lovely and healthy?
So the "big bad." it happened to Greta.
Could it be connected
to the fire in the church?
So we know that Jodie and Greta
grew up in Heaven's Veil.
Jodie's body had burn marks.
Did they both survive the fire?
Did they know
what happened. or who caused it?
- Still thinking probably not the devil.
- [Saoirse] Okay.
We need to try
and lay this out chronologically.
This is such a good idea.
It's a screenwriting trick.
It's how we plan everything out.
And all writers do this.
even the big ones?
- Big ones?
- You know. like your man. Jesse Armstrong.
He is so class.
Could you pass me some more paper?
Heaven's Veil is our inciting incident.
The fuck is this?
Oh God. Okay.
You wrote about it?
What?
Burying the body in the school grounds.
She used it in her stupid show.
I wrote it ages ago.
before any of this started.
It's not even what happened.
It's inspired by...
- Oh my God.
- I've asked for it to be taken out.
This is why
they want to dig up the grounds.
Liam saw this.
Seb sent those messages about the scripts.
- What are you doing?
- Leaving.
You can't. You can't leave.
You stupid. selfish bitch.
This is what you do.
You like chaos. You surround yourself
with it. but... [chuckles]
I'm done.
We're done.
Dara.
What did you expect. Saoirse?
[exhales slowly]
[quietly] Shit.
First the envelopes.
those letters. and now this.
Fuck knows what else she's done.
She's been manipulating
this whole thing all along.
She's like a...a... a puppet on a string.
Well. that would be us.
the puppets on strings.
I think she's more the puppet master.
[knocking on door]
Hello?
Robyn?
Who's there?
Can I come in?
Sure.
The guy at the garage saw my ID.
Called the local station.
Look. I know what you think.
I don't even know what I think.
You think we killed Charles Sampson.
- We didn't.
- Innocent people don't run.
It's complicated.
It'll be less complicated
when we find his body.
And I'm not gonna rest
until we find his body.
- Can you please slow down a wee bit?
- She's fucking insane. Dara.
You know. we need to start
protecting ourselves here.
Me and you. We need
to start distancing ourselves.
[screams]
Fuck!
Oh my God.
What was that?
I don't know.
He was dead when we got there that night.
At the caretaker's cottage?
Greta told us he attacked her.
He'd been hanging around for weeks.
She said he was an ex.
She said his name was Jason Meadows.
It was all lies.
Everything she told us was a lie.
and I think I sort of knew that.
Wait. come here.
Come here.
Turn around.
I knew I'd seen it before.
Charles Sampson drew that in his notebook.
yet you'd never even spoken to him.
We were kids when we got them.
Greta convinced us to.
- Greta again?
- Yes.
She's taking a lot of responsibility for
a woman who isn't here to defend herself.
Greta's alive.
- What did you say?
- I know what it sounds like.
- Her body was in the morgue.
- Jodie Pryor's body was.
- I can't see anything.
- We hit something.
Well. then where is it?
We're trying to find her. Greta.
Trying to find out
who the hell she actually was.
and what exactly we're caught up in here.
Liam. I'm so sorry I've dragged you
into all this. I really am.
But all I was doing
was trying to find out the truth.
What do I do with this?
What should I do now?
Do whatever you want.
["Saltwater" playing]
[emotive EDM continues]
[music fades out]